one of the really good things about a stem career in stem careers are
to some degree fungible that is you pick up skills in one that can be
easily used and other factors a famous firm in Massachusetts solved
all of us unsolvable problems by assigning biologists to physics problems
and physicist a biological problem so it's it's not like what
you learn a skill while you're stuck in that field but you do have
to learn some basic skills to get going so I think I think that the
critical thing is to get a good feel for things and not worry about
what I have this skill I have to add that skill to swallow food here
the college will put some requirements on you if you're going to do
work in computer science are going to demand that you have a certain
amount of mathematics